Okay,
guys.
And welcome to this section,
though,
in this section,
we're just gonna have a look at a really simple way to automate word.
So what we have here is some data that you have seen before.
And this is the sales results from the northern region for January,
so just give you a quick demonstration.
What's gonna happen?
I'm just gonna kick click this rather pretty looking word button here.
Andi.
Boom.
There you go.
We have successfully managed to create a word document taking data that we've analyzed from
that table on building a personalized message.
Toe number one sales person.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture where we're going to deconstruct exactly how we did that.
I'll see you in the next lecture.